ConvertTokenizer, CLS token & features as sequence (#4996)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/api/custom-nlu-components.rst

    :linenos:

.. note::
    If you create a custom tokenizer you should implement the methods of ``rasa.nlu.tokenizers.tokenizer.Tokenizer``.
    The ``train`` and ``process`` methods are already implemented and you simply need to overwrite the ``tokenize``
    method. ``train`` and ``process`` will automatically add a special token ``__CLS__`` to the end of list of tokens,
    which is needed further down the pipeline.

.. note::
    If you create a custom featurizer you should return a sequence of features.

>     E.g. your featurizer should return a matrix of size (token-size x feature-dimension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    E.g. your featurizer should return a matrix of size (number-of-tokens x feature-dimension).
```
